Update TiDB Serverless limitations (#13970)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md

---
title: Limited SQL Features on TiDB Cloud
summary: Learn about the limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud.
---

# Limited SQL features on TiDB Cloud

> TiDB Cloud works with almost all workloads that TiDB supports, but there are feature differences between TiDB Self-Hosted and TiDB Dedicated/Serverless. This document describes the limitations of SQL features on TiDB Cloud. We are constantly filling in the feature gaps between TiDB Self-Hosted and TiDB Dedicated/Serverless. If you require these features or capabilities in the gap, [contact us](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for a feature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud works with almost all workloads that TiDB supports, but there are some feature differences between TiDB Self-Hosted and TiDB Dedicated/Serverless. This document describes the limitations of SQL features on TiDB Cloud. We are constantly filling in the feature gaps between TiDB Self-Hosted and TiDB Dedicated/Serverless. If you require these features or capabilities in the gap, [contact us](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) for a feature request.
```

| `SHOW CREATE PLACEMENT POLICY` | Supported | Not supported [^1] |
| `SHOW PLACEMENT` | Supported | Not supported [^1] |
| `SHOW PLACEMENT FOR` | Supported | Not supported [^1] |
| `SHOW PLACEMENT LABELS` | Supported | Not supported [^1] |
| `SHOW TABLE REGIONS` | Supported | Not supported [^1] |
| `SPLIT REGION` | Supported | Not supported [^1] |

### Resource groups

| Statement | TiDB Dedicated | TiDB Serverless |
|:-|:-|:-|
| `ALTER RESOURCE GROUP` | Supported | Not supported [^2] |
| `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` | Supported | Not supported [^2] |
| `CREATE RESOURCE GROUP` | Supported | Not supported [^2] |
| `DROP RESOURCE GROUP` | Supported | Not supported [^2] |
| `SET RESOURCE GROUP` | Supported | Not supported [^2] |
| `SHOW CREATE RESOURCE GROUP` | Supported | Not supported [^2] |

### Others

| Statement | TiDB Dedicated | TiDB Serverless |
|:-|:-|:-|
| `BACKUP` | Supported | Not supported [^3] |
| `SHOW BACKUPS` | Supported | Not supported [^3] |
| `RESTORE` | Supported | Not supported [^3] |
| `SHOW RESTORES` | Supported | Not supported [^3] |
| `ADMIN RESET TELEMETRY_ID` | Supported | Telemetry is not supported on TiDB Serverless. |

> | `ADMIN SHOW TELEMETRY` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |

Reviewer: Is `[^4]` here correct for the TiDB Serverless column?   The previous row indicates that Telemetry is not supported on TiDB Serverless.

Author: Yes, the second SQL is disabled by SEM therefore is not supported on both dedicated and serverless.

`ADMIN RESET TELEMETRY_ID` is not restricted by SEM, therefor works on dedicated and we explicitly disabled it on serverless.

| `tidb_top_sql_max_meta_count` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `tidb_top_sql_max_time_series_count` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `tidb_tso_client_batch_max_wait_time` | No limitation | Read-only [^11] |
| `tidb_ttl_delete_batch_size` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_delete_rate_limit` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_delete_worker_count` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_job_enable` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_job_schedule_window_end_time` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_job_schedule_window_start_time` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_running_tasks` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_scan_batch_size` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_ttl_scan_worker_count` | No limitation | Read-only [^9] |
| `tidb_txn_mode` | No limitation | Read-only [^11] |
| `tidb_wait_split_region_finish` | No limitation | Read-only [^11] |
| `tidb_wait_split_region_timeout` | No limitation | Read-only [^11] |
| `txn_scope` | No limitation | Read-only [^11] |
| `validate_password.enable` | No limitation | Always enabled [^10] |

> | `validate_password.length` | No limitation | Can not be smaller than 8 [^10] |
> | `validate_password.mixed_case_count` | No limitation | Can not be smaller than 1 [^10] |
> | `validate_password.number_count` | No limitation | Can not be smaller than 1 [^10] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate_password.length` | No limitation | At least `8` [^10] |
| `validate_password.mixed_case_count` | No limitation | At least `1` [^10] |
| `validate_password.number_count` | No limitation | At least `1` [^10] |
```

> | `validate_password.policy` | No limitation | Can only be MEDIUM or STRONG [^10] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate_password.policy` | No limitation | Can only be `MEDIUM` or `STRONG` [^10] |
```

> | `validate_password.special_char_count` | No limitation | Can not be smaller than 1 [^10] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `validate_password.special_char_count` | No limitation | At least `1` [^10] |
```

| `wait_timeout` | No limitation | Read-only [^11] |

[^1]: Configuring data placement is not supported on TiDB Serverless.

[^2]: Configuring resource groups is not supported on TiDB Serverless.

> [^3]: To perform [Back up and Restore](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore-serverless.md) operations on TiDB Serverless, please use the web console instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^3]: To perform [Back up and Restore](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore-serverless.md) operations on TiDB Serverless, you can use the TiDB Cloud console instead. 
```

[^4]: The feature is unavailable in [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security).

> [^5]: To track [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) on TiDB Serverless, please use the web console instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^5]: To track [Slow Query](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#slow-query) on TiDB Serverless, you can use the TiDB Cloud console instead.
```

> [^6]: To perform [Statement Analysis](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#statement-analysis) on TiDB Serverless, please use the web console instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^6]: To perform [Statement Analysis](/tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md#statement-analysis) on TiDB Serverless, you can use the TiDB Cloud console instead.
```
